docs: migrate package repositories page (#5450)
canonical/snapcraft: docs/reference/package-repositories.rst

Package repositories
====================

When building a snap and constructing a part, package dependencies are listed as either
package names or snaps for the snap's build environment. This is covered in `Build and
staging dependencies <https://snapcraft.io/docs/build-and-staging-dependencies>`_.

For a default Snapcraft installation, the build environment is invariably some version
of Ubuntu. Consequently, dependencies are listed using their *apt* package names and are
retrieved from the set of repositories officially supported by the distribution.

> However, it's also possible to add your own apt repositories as sources for the
> ``build-packages`` and ``stage-packages`` keys, including those listed on a Personal
> Package Archive (PPA), which serves personally hosted non-standard packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the ``package-repository`` key, it's possible to add your own apt repositories as sources for the
``build-packages`` and ``stage-packages`` keys, including those listed on a Personal
Package Archive (PPA), which serves personally hosted non-standard packages.
```

Package repositories
====================

When building a snap and constructing a part, package dependencies are listed as either
package names or snaps for the snap's build environment. This is covered in `Build and
staging dependencies <https://snapcraft.io/docs/build-and-staging-dependencies>`_.

For a default Snapcraft installation, the build environment is invariably some version

> of Ubuntu. Consequently, dependencies are listed using their *apt* package names and are

Reviewer 2: > apt

Should be APT.
